Synthetic Retail Dataset
===============================
This dataset is a collection of files representing different dimensions and facts for a retail organization.

Provenance
===============================
This dataset was generated by Databricks.

Data Set Information
====================
* Sales Orders: **sales_orders/sales_orders.json** records the customers' originating purchase order.
* Purchase Orders: **purchase_orders/purchase_orders.xml** contains the raw materials that are being purchased.
* Products: **products/products.csv** contains products that the company sells.
* Goods Receipt: **goods_receipt/goods_receipt.parquet** contains the arrival time of purchased orders.
* Customers: **customers/customers.csv** contains those customers who are located in the US and are buying the finished products.
* Suppliers: **suppliers/suppliers.csv** contains suppliers that provide raw materials in the US.
* Sales Stream: **sales_stream/sales_stream.json/** is a folder containing JSON files for streaming purposes.
* Promotions: **promotions/promotions.csv** contains additional benefits on top of normal purchases.
* Active Promotions: **active_promotions/active_promotions.parquet** shows how customers are progressing towards becoming eligible for promotions.
* Loyalty Segment: **loyalty_segment/loyalty_segment.csv**  contains segmented customer data to appeal to all types of guests using targeted rewards and promotions.

License and/or Citation
=========================================
Copyright (2020) Databricks, Inc. This dataset is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License<https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>